# Final Project Idea

Our web pages main focus will be to work as a digital Bucket List. From career to travel to hobbies, our team wants to use GenAI to expand on ideas, provide feedback, and help users start planning for their future. Each of the web pages would be focused on helping the user develop their ideas in a different sector of life. The pages will be split up as follows:

A page for career planning and counseling. Upon first use of the page the user will be prompted with a questionnaire asking questions about their ideal career, what they enjoy, their career experience, and what career goals if any they have. Using that input the Gen AI will return a list of short term goals to achieve that career goal or suggest career options that correspond to the users preferences. The idea is for it to feel like discussing career options with a real counselor without any pressure of expectations. This would involve querying a database on what the end goal looks like. For example if a user said they wanted to be a software engineer but they had no idea where to start or what to expect then from a database the response would include the salary range for a software engineer and the typical education expected for a software engineer before going in depth on where the user can begin their path towards being a software engineer with some sample goals that the user can modify to fit themselves better. This page will save this information so that like a bucket list the user can come back to ask more questions and update how they’ve progressed.

A page for travel planning. When the user first enters into the page, they will be able to fill out a questionnaire that asks them about their past traveling experience, their budget, ideal vacation times, and other preferences in order to try to find the ideal vacation spot for them. Based on this Gen AI would return a list of places that they believe the user would enjoy the most. The user would be able to accept or reject a destination, and choose which one(s) they would like to start planning for. From there, they would ideally be able to query a database to give help with traveling, accommodations, sight-seeing, fun plans, etc. Throughout all of this, Gen AI would be returning photos and short descriptions of everything discussed. The user would ideally be able to save their plans in a travel blog format, that way they can always pick up where they left off. 

****UPDATED SECTION****
The final travel planner page varies greatly from the Figma Mocks created for them. As noted in the feedback I recieved for the assignment, I didn't use Streamlit commands to create the pages outside of the landing page. This caused me to overestimate the amount of control I would have in designing the UI within the Streamlit API. While I could have achieved a similar effect by incorporating CSS into the project, the simpler design was selected to meet deadlines. Similarly, the webpage only prints about 3-5 recommendations of each category instead of the 10-15 mentioned in the outline. This was done for two reasons. One, to meet the one minute mark of the demo presentations as the images generated with each recommedation does take a second to load. And two becuase I've noticed that asking Gemini a lot of request in a short amount of time signficantly increases the amount of errors thrown. In short, the recommendation was cut down in order to have a cleaner, neater demo during our final presentation. 
	
A page for hobbies. Maybe something like the side quests in life. To get into it the user would be asked about their interests and current/past hobbies. And similar to the other web pages, Gen AI would be used to give suggestions for new hobbies or how to go deeper into current ones. There will be queries to a database to show images and content related to these hobby goals and the goals would be stored so that a user can continue to keep track.

Stretch goal:
	Once the user has filled out the information for all their bucket list items, there will be a final page. This final page will create a big planner for each goal and they will be able to clearly see each goal within their bucket list. The user will have access to check off all the progress goals and ultimately the main goal if the bucket list item is a multi-step goal (Ex. Becoming the CEO of a company requires many steps and should be tracked in progress goals). This ensures and helps the user visualize their goals better, as taking it in steps is much easier then attacking it all at once. In addition, the user will be able to save this final page as a pdf (or something of the sort) in order to utilize it outside of the website. Gen AI will be called to organize the planner by categorizing it based on their similarities and categories. For instance, if a user has on their bucket list, “Go to the British Virgin Islands” and “Scuba Diving”, the Gen AI will suggest that you partake in Scuba Diving in the British Virgin Islands be intentional and efficient.

